Words added to wordlist.txt to tackle the spellcheck errors thrown (#73)
kubeslice/docs: versioned_docs/version-0.2.0/getting-started-with-cloud-clusters/installing-kubeslice/configuration-parameters.mdx

| sliceIpamType | String | It is the type of the IP address management for the slice subnet. The value must be always set to `Local`. | Mandatory |
| clusters | List of Strings | The names of the worker clusters that would be part of the slice. You can provide the list of worker clusters. | Mandatory |
| [qosProfileDetails](#qos-profile-parameters) | Object | QoS profile for the slice inter cluster traffic. | Mandatory |

> | [namespaceIsolationProfile](#namespace-isolation-profile-parameters) | Object | It is the configuration to on-board namespaces and/or isolate namespaces with the network policy. | Mandatory |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [namespaceIsolationProfile](#namespace-isolation-profile-parameters) | Object | It is the configuration to onboard namespaces and/or isolate namespaces with the network policy. | Mandatory |
```

| dscpClass | Alphanumeric | DSCP marking code for the slice inter-cluster traffic. | Mandatory |

#### Namespace Isolation Profile Parameters

> These parameters are related to on-boarding namespaces, isolating the slice, and allowing 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These parameters are related to onboarding namespaces, isolating the slice, and allowing 
```

external namespaces to communicate with the slice. They are configured in the 
[slice configuration YAML file](/versioned_docs/version-0.2.0/getting-started-with-cloud-clusters/installing-kubeslice/creating-a-slice.mdx#creating-the-slice-yaml-file). 

|Parameter|Parameter Type|Description|Required|
|----|----|----|----|

> | [applicationNamespaces](#application-namespaces-parameters) | Array object | Defines the [namespaces that will be on-boarded](/versioned_docs/version-0.2.0/getting-started-with-cloud-clusters/installing-kubeslice/managing-namespaces.mdx) to the slice and their corresponding worker clusters. | Mandatory |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [applicationNamespaces](#application-namespaces-parameters) | Array object | Defines the [namespaces that will be onboarded](/versioned_docs/version-0.2.0/getting-started-with-cloud-clusters/installing-kubeslice/managing-namespaces.mdx) to the slice and their corresponding worker clusters. | Mandatory |
```

| [allowedNamespaces](#allowed-namespaces-parameters) | Array object | Contains the list of namespaces from which the traffic flow is allowed to the slice. By default, native kubernetes namespaces such as `kube-system` are allowed. If `isolationEnabled ` is set to `true`, then you must include namespaces that you want to allow traffic from. | Optional |
| isolationEnabled | Boolean | Defines if the namespace isolation is enabled. By default, it is set to `false`. The [isolation policy](/versioned_docs/version-0.2.0/getting-started-with-cloud-clusters/installing-kubeslice/isolating-namespaces.mdx) only applies to the traffic from the application and allowed namespaces to the same slice. | Optional |

#### Application Namespaces Parameters

> These parameters are related to on-boarding namespaces onto a slice, which are configured 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These parameters are related to onboarding namespaces onto a slice, which are configured 
```

in the [slice configuration YAML file](/versioned_docs/version-0.2.0/getting-started-with-cloud-clusters/installing-kubeslice/creating-a-slice.mdx#creating-the-slice-yaml-file). 

|Parameter|Parameter Type|Description|Required|
|----|----|----|----|

> | namespace | String | The namespace that you want to on-board to the slice. These namespaces can be isolated using the namespace isolation feature. | Mandatory |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| namespace | String | The namespace that you want to onboard to the slice. These namespaces can be isolated using the namespace isolation feature. | Mandatory |
```

> | clusters | List of Strings | Corresponding cluster names for the namespaces listed above. To on-board the namespace on all clusters, specify the asterisk `*` as this parameter\'s value. | Mandatory |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| clusters | List of Strings | Corresponding cluster names for the namespaces listed above. To onboard the namespace on all clusters, specify the asterisk `*` as this parameter\'s value. | Mandatory |
```

|Parameter|Parameter Type|Description|Required|
|----|----|----|----|
| namespace | Strings | List of external namespaces that are not a part of the slice from which traffic is allowed into the slice. |Optional|

> | clusters | List of Strings | Corresponding cluster names for the namespaces listed above. To on-board the namespace on all clusters, specify the asterisk `*` as this parameter\'s value. | Optional |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| clusters | List of Strings | Corresponding cluster names for the namespaces listed above. To onboard the namespace on all clusters, specify the asterisk `*` as this parameter\'s value. | Optional |
```
